We are going to make a report via with me
partner in braking footprints efrén that
you have us where you are
thanks come and friends of excélsior
television good morning I greet you with
We are in the municipality of
ecatepec we have last information
hour ago a few minutes ago
registered an automobile mishap
it's a train yes yes they heard
well a train hit the side
left to a trailer that was transporting
on the platform, concrete bundles
bundles of cement were left lying on
the pavement of this place has been
retired the train but also the trailer
with the platform to reopen the
circulation only continues
maneuvers continue work by
part of the staff of the heroic body of
firemen of the municipality of ecatepec
all these works continue to
remove all the packages and all this
construction segment that was left
watered on the pavement that has
started to generate too many problems
transit along the avenue
central for those people who
come from the housing unit
americas with direction towards the district
federal will find all this
vehicular conflict generated by this
mishap
unusual of course a lot of them
are generated by the imprudence of the
drivers in this case by the
recklessness of the driver of the trailer
that did not respect the passage of the train and from
early has generated all this
mobilization of emergency equipment and
all traffic problems are not there
injured people only the
mobilizations and the problems of
transit they say very early they
register here in the municipality of
ecatepec in the state of mexico vianney
opposite are making cuts that do not
we reached to see in the panel of the
camera are making cuts of
circulation
there are cuts to circulation there is a
reduction of lanes until scarce
minutes was closed in its entirety
to perform the withdrawal maneuvers
the trailer and also allow the passage
of the train but only continues in the
reduction of lanes for jobs
from the arch fire department already
they report a long line of at least
4 kilometers for those people who
come from the Americas area and with
address to the federal district
on the central we reiterate this is to the
height of the grand canal avenue where
has recorded this mishap in the
first hours of this Tuesday in January
in braking and the driver of the unit
this reckless who went through the train
and they caught him he did not run away
was stopped by elements
police of the municipality of Ecatepec and
transferred to the agency of the
public ministry in the same way the
trailer of the platform were already
transferred to the ministry agency
public here of this perimeter of
atp they have done very well then
repeat the please exactly what
height is this accident and what stretches
are those that are already affected
down the road sorry for this
accident
the exact point the exact point is
central avenue at the junction with the avenue
grand canal here in the municipality of
ecatepec from the area of the
americans and towards the
federal district are 4 kilometers from
traffic for those people who leave
from home in the next few minutes
coming from the americas
the best recommendation is to keep the
calm for a few minutes once
overcome this crossing of the great avenue
channel the transit is fast and without any
problem on the central avenue with
direction towards the perimeter of
Benito Juarez International Airport
from the city of mexico comes
report we are still very good
days
hug you good morning mood
we invite you to continue questioning the
information with the following videos